---
layout: post
title: Depth
published: false
tags: [multiplayer, action, gore]
author: Richard
---

Depth is a first person multiplayer game pitting teams of divers against the apex predator of the sea, the shark. Playing as divers sees you take on mutliple different sharks in often claustrophobic and submerged corridors or in dark, wide open spaces where your reflexes are the only thing that will keep you alive. As a shark you have one goal and one goal only, tear every last diver to shreds and prevent them from completing their objective. 

The game currently has two game modes and I'll briefly explain them now:

First up we have 'Blood and Gold'. In 'Blood and Gold' four human divers must protect an underwater robot called S.T.E.V.E while he travels around the map opening old safes to find loot. With the objective to kill the divers and stop S.T.E.V.E we have two sharks, killing humans rewards the sharks with skill points which can be used to unlock skills making the sharks more powerful. In 'Blood and Gold' both teams have 30 respawn tickets, the sharks win if the humans use all 30 respawn tickets and the humans win if the sharks lose all 30 respawn tickets or they safely get S.T.E.V.E back to the dive boat with all the loot. This game mode focuses on close encounters in cramped rooms.

The second game mode which was recently released in a free content update is called 'Megaladon Hunt'. In 'Megalodon Hunt' five divers take on the Megalodon, a far more powerful version of the Great White. The divers are tasked with killing the Megalodon and whoever gets the kill then becomes the Megalodon, divers can get better weapons by collecting treasure along the sea floor. The objective of the Megalodon is to stay alive and kill divers but with no health regeneration in this game mode this player must also hunt seals as they dart around the map which provide the Megalodon with more health. This game mode focuses on map-wide combat as the divers chase down the powerful shark.

+Great graphics
+Fantastically gory, if you manage to escape the shark after being in its jaws you're gonna be a bit torn up, literally 
+Following the content update on April 2nd there are now four playable sharks
+A wide variety of weapons and consumables
+The controls are fantastic, divers feel agile and graceful in the water and sharks really feel like they have some weight to them
+Quite a few maps now that there have been some new ones released
+The divers hear a heartbeat which increases in volume as the sharks get closer to warn them of impending danger but this also makes this very tense for the divers as they could be attacked any second
+Sharks take divers in their jaw and must shake the mouse to kill them which provides the diver in question (using a knife) and the other divers a few seconds to kill the shark before they become chum
+Very dark environments which make it hard for divers to see where sharks are coming from
+The skills for sharks to unlock are fantastic and really add to the gameplay
+The Devs have already posted two DLC-worthy content updates since the game's release adding more content
+Has an editor mode and the Devs are fully supportive of modding in the game
+Performs well
+If you can't find anyone to play with you can practice against bots

-Sharks are considerably more fun to play as, I found this led to me and my friends arguing a lot about who should play as the shark next
-Unless you have friends to play with (as I do) you're gonna spend a lot of time waiting in lobbies as there aren't many people playing this and it relies entirely on matchmaking, i.e. there's no server browser

Verdict:
9

This is easily one of the best multiplayer experiences available on Steam with great asymmetrical gameplay and all the gore you could hope for this is well worth full price as I paid for it.

If you liked this review or want to see more recommended games, be sure to follow our curator group: Follow Original Curator Group

Check out the Original Network Groups. Win free games, make new friends on Steam, & more! Original Curators Group, Original Traders Group, & Original Giveaways Group

El K.